Update SSO docs (#1020)
harness/developer-hub: docs/first-gen/firstgen-platform/security/access-management-howtos/sso-ldap.md

### Add a Harness User Group with LDAP Users

> Once you have configured an LDAP SSO Provider for Harness, you can create a Harness User Group and sync it to your LDAP directory. Do not configure SSO with Harness default User Group **Account Administrator**. Later, when LDAP SSO is enabled in Harness, and users in this group log into Harness, Harness will verify their email addresses and passwords using its connection to the LDAP provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have configured an LDAP SSO Provider for Harness, you can create a Harness user group and sync it to your LDAP directory. Do not configure SSO with the default Harness user group **Account Administrator**. Harness uses its connection to the LDAP provider to verify email addresses and passwords when LDAP SSO is enabled in Harness.```
